or more exactly 2760
just a race fact
here is the prophet
to believe that the clinic arnoux
2779 are fighting to become champion of France
the beast for the swiss
full of questions
for example sofia
victory called katibas attack
it may be sacred
look at inhabitants will have not been there just right access serbia of
rockets
behind basket is very well placed just like payet
their part in the report
Dominic Cardon who will pass to the right
the comic book
look at all the runners support we are in a phase
where the observation is extremely important of drugs
with the right behind him john gadret
here is the descent thanks to the right the little loop
accelerations of
arnaud to 'buy' times
we are in a passenger a little more complicated than it is
on the meadow whether in the descent with that green tea this is the
passage of boards
immediately teheran plan for arnaud montebourg the look rather less than
the ass of the gala brigade
e a little more comfortable walk from john gadret would have been a lot more salty
if circuit to v the summer of gaulle for example of the order
but managed it still looks more like the road
Cyclo-cross
a context very nice guys a little disadvantaged
to sum up we could very well placed this is the trajectory framing of
mourinho in leiria
the rope alain taking the rope took enormous risks put at price to 1
400 meters in one go
and the child will fall back into the favorite passage of dominique arnould
here is watching the landings in the descent
facing a spectacular or fir demented president
europa
not very well how add-ons to its author
and here it is not yet perfect the caribou country
attention this important file in the last round of drugs that comes
to appear
put it a decisive acceleration the rating scheme
because this time the word did not slow down reassuring
the second place is clear enough before he made it to
such nba
he was attacking but slowing down on the asphalt at the harbor so as not to get too
to tire there
francis could
Alsatian
and respect for lawns
in second position and drugs
who knows back to abidjan his experience if necessary
two truckers remember that he has already won the stage of the Tour de France
especially
192 hours of entry to master 1
he also argues that his experience to watch everything i'm going
you lived there and continues well
not wait for them arnaud labbe tried to pursue him
john gadret is de rigueur the report
the om remains bad unfortunately not been a victim of a mechanical incident
it remains that I finished at
am how are you
3,400 meters before finding
the damage relief station for the young must also was dying
very promising
the radio probably placed
a decisive acceleration he has already been four times champion of France
once a champion of France hopes
paris has remarkably prepared his case of bibi because far week
last we were in Lievin for the French branch of the Coupe du
world
nutrients they had not been to his advantage that day but
by coming to pray 20 he had been like thousands of French stuck
because of the bad weather in the motorway caps
and he told us it's because of that it does not work but I'll be ready
next Sunday
well he knows birds well
the action of john gadret has one who does not admit defeat and
john gadret arnaud
davide of meal that will try but he knew that just to do it
for that
rabah bitat not see
for her also the acer handle
there may also be jérôme chevallier a franc-comtois yes
which was far enough at the beginning and which little by little and returned to the world
especially on the parties in confronting you have a slowdown due the most
more head group
in the longer term the returns are agreed average it's in a
in a cyclo-cross went the currents are almost always at maximum
maximum
maxime makes almost 2,100 medals are rare
in aerobics without 160 just the whole thing it's a building minutes for a lot
of romance stock angel
the hardest in the world
the ad hoc committee that will develop a gap that is likely going to his passport
British
the dgt to follow
find her or he will find his qualities should it be there
in addition happy he is alone we find ourselves a little in the same pattern
that a road race now the worst that he and his friends manage his
effort made in time they are more numerous they will look at one another
little bit that will roll that will make the effort and during that time is
well dominique takes the opportunity to take a little more field
we wonder if the new generation led by louis xiv with
the white jersey gadonneix stone
take the advantage on the occasion of these championships of France and well what
will not be for this year
john gadret who paradoxically never been champion of France he has
been ranked well everywhere among juniors in hopes he never
won a shampoo france by cons they are noted on the podium after
exactly on the first step of progress on the podium and mannheim to
The shadow
incalculable for fall framing his share a manceau is not yet
courage this year but bravo dominic harlow
who really does very well prepare for it
this
and who has run very well tactically by experiencing his
opponents every turn in the sindh in a course on a portion of the
course
but who is really comfortable
two activists from
They're worrying
vice-champion of France seniors
perfect preparation perfect mastery
the president claude rilly carnot
32nd position
in all 100 French clubs
Silver medalist in second young she
third bronze medal arnaud lapointe
so this is the podium of this championship of France amina gadret the proof
the league europa and 5th
interview